Add demos/ folder for point-in-time content (#939)
GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes-engine-samples: demos/README.md

# Demos

> This directory contains demo content and supporting reference material from point-in-time content
> like blog posts. It is not kept date, or dependency managed like other folders in this repository.
> 
> It is explicitly excluded from the [Mend Renovate configuration](../.github/renovate.json) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains demo content and supporting reference material from point-in-time content
like blog posts. Samples within this directory may not necessarily be kept up-to-date.

Note that this directory is explicitly excluded from the [Renovate configuration](../.github/renovate.json).
```
